You're not even born yet. And already
your life is a waiting game. Sitting
inside this leathery egg for who knows
how long, maybe decades, just chilling
in complete darkness. No Netflix, no
snacks, just you in the void. Your egg
sits on some forgotten planet or
derelict spaceship, and you're basically
in the universe's most boring time
capsule. Oh, wait. Something's moving
nearby. Your egg starts to sense
vibrations. Finally, the four petals at
the top of your home begin to peel open
like the world's most sinister flower
blooming. Time to make your grand
entrance, except you're not exactly what
anyone would call cute. You burst out as
a face hugger, which is basically eight
bony fingers attached to a nightmare
with a tail. You've got about 120 hours
to find someone to hug. And by hug, we
mean forcefully attached to their face
and shove a tube down their throat. Real
charming first impression there, buddy.
You spring out of that egg like a jack
in the box on steroids, using your
muscular tail to launch yourself through
the air. You can jump ridiculous
distances. We're talking Olympic long
jump records, but with more face hugging
at the end. Your target never sees it
coming. Within seconds, you've wrapped
your fingers around their head in a grip
that would make a vice jealous. Those
fingers of yours can lock in place,
making removal basically impossible.
Even if someone's buddy tries to help
pull you off, you'll just strangle your
host harder with your tail. You're
clingy in the worst possible way. Your
tail coils around their neck, cutting
off any chance of escape. Seven seconds.
That's all it takes to knock them out
cold with your special blend of
paralytic chemicals. You're basically a
flying anesthesiologist with commitment
issues. Oh, and if someone tries to cut
you off, your acid blood will eat
through their tools and probably their
hands. You're a living security system
that nobody asked for. Now comes the
weird part. And yes, it gets weirder.
You're not actually implanting a baby
alien like everyone thinks. Nope. You're
injecting this mutagenic goo called
plagiaris potent that literally rewrites
your host's cells to build your next
form from their own biological material.
You're not giving them a parasite.
You're turning them into a 3D printer
for your next body. Talk about
recycling. After a few hours of this
deeply uncomfortable process, your job
is done.
You detach, crawl away to some dark
corner, and promptly die. That's right.
Your entire existence as a face hugger
lasts maybe a week if you're lucky. And
most of that is sitting in an egg.
You're basically nature's most
aggressive one night stand. But wait,
you're not done yet. Surprise! You get a
second life. While your face hugger body
is decomposing somewhere, you're busy
growing inside your host as a chest
burster. For the next 1 to 24 hours,
you're basically a really aggressive
tumor with teeth. Your host might feel a
bit peckish, maybe complain about
heartburn. Little do they know you're in
there doing home renovations on their
rib cage. Then comes your big moment.
You've grown enough and it's time to
check out of hotel host body. Do you
politely excuse yourself? Maybe find a
nice exit that doesn't involve major
organ damage? Of course not. You punch
through their chest like the universe's
worst birthday surprise. Blood
everywhere, ribs cracking, your host's
day officially ruined. You emerge as
this pale serpentine little worm with
way too many teeth covered in gore and
ready to run. Your first breath of fresh
air comes with a side of screaming and
panic. You let out this adorable little
shriek that sounds like a demon baby's
first cry. Touching moment, really. You
scurry away as fast as your little body
can move because right now you're about
as threatening as an angry noodle with
dental work. Any janitor with a mop
could probably take you out. You're
vulnerable, squishy, and desperately
looking for the nearest air vent to
disappear into. You need to find
somewhere safe to hide because your next
trick is even more ridiculous. Over the
course of just a few hours, you're going
to grow from a foot long chestnake to a
7-ft tall killing machine. That's like
going from a Chihuahua to a Great Dane
during a single Netflix binge. Your body
starts producing this silicon-based
exoskeleton.
Shedding your pale baby skin for that
signature biomechanical look. Your inner
jaw develops, giving you that charming
smile within a smile that'll make you
such a hit at parties. Those cute little
arms grow into razor sharp claws, and
your tail becomes a spear tipped weapon
of doom. Puberty hits different when
you're an alien. Now you're a full-g
grown drone, and life is all about the
hustle. Your day job, finding more hosts
for your siblings. You've become a
professional kidnapper with acid for
blood and a face only a queen could
love. You spend your time skullking
through ventilation shafts, learning the
layout of wherever you've ended up, and
generally being the worst roommate
imaginable. Your new body comes with
some pretty sweet upgrades, though. You
can climb walls and ceilings like
gravity is just a suggestion. Your tail
is basically a Swiss Army knife that
doubles as a spear. You don't even need
eyes because you've got this whole
echolocation thing going on. Though,
nobody really knows how it works since
you don't have visible ears either.
Science gave up trying to figure you
out. Plus, if anyone tries to hurt you,
your blood will melt their face off. Try
explaining that to your insurance
company. Your inner jaw is basically a
tiny battering ram that can punch
through bone and metal. You've got more
teeth than a shark convention and
they're all pointed in the direction of
this is going to hurt. Your whole head
is shaped like a banana designed by
someone who really hates everyone. Those
biomechanical tubes on your back. Nobody
knows what they do. Maybe they're for
breathing. Maybe for sensing. Maybe
they're just there to look cool. You're
a walking mystery wrapped in an
exoskeleton wrapped in everyone's
nightmares. But here's where it gets
complicated. You're not just some
mindless killing machine. You're smart,
maybe too smart. You learn patterns, set
traps, and even use psychological
warfare. You'll grab someone just to use
them as bait for their friends. You're
playing 4D chess while everyone else is
playing checkers, except your chess
pieces are corpses, and the board is
wherever you're terrorizing this week.
If you're lucky, you might get promoted.
Maybe you'll become a warrior, slightly
bigger and meaner. Or if you're really
special, you could become a Ptorian,
which is basically a xenomorph on
steroids guarding the queen. Each
promotion comes with size, upgrades, and
new ways to ruin someone's day. Speaking
of the queen, she's your entire purpose
for existing. Everything you do is for
her and the hive. You're basically
running a really aggressive daycare
center, bringing her fresh hosts so she
can lay more eggs. The cycle continues
and you're just another cog in this
biological horror machine. No vacation
days, no benefits package, just endless
hunting and hive expansion. Years pass
if you're lucky enough to survive that
long. Most of your siblings get blown
out airlocks, shot with pulse rifles, or
meet some other explosive end. Some get
torched by flamethrowers, which is just
rude considering you never asked to be
born as a walking nightmare. Others
might get crushed by closing doors or
fall into molten lead. The universe
really has it out for your kind. But
you, you're getting older, slower. That
exoskeleton isn't as shiny as it used to
be. Your acid blood doesn't quite have
the same sizzle. You've gone from apex
predator to that guy who peaked in high
school. Your biomechanical joints creek
when you crawl through vents. Now,
sometimes you have to take a break
halfway through stalking prey just to
catch your breath, even though nobody's
really sure if you actually breathe.
Then one day, you're stalking through
the shadows when you realize you can't
quite make that wall climb like you used
to. Your tail strikes are a fraction
slower. Some younger drone is already
eyeing your favorite hunting routes.
You've become the alien equivalent of
that co-worker who still uses a flip
phone and complains about kids these
days. Your final hunt doesn't go as
planned. Maybe you misjudge a jump or
your reflexes just aren't what they
were. You find yourself cornered,
wounded, acid blood pooling beneath you.
As you lie there dissolving the floor,
you can't help but think about your
life. From egg to face hugger to chest
burster to drone, what was it all for?
But wait, in your final moments, you
sense something. Another egg nearby
beginning to open. The cycle begins a
new. As your biomechanical body starts
to shut down, you realize the ultimate
cosmic joke. Somewhere out there,
another face hugger is about to torpedo
itself onto someone's face, thinking
it's got the universe all figured out.
Good luck with that, Junior. Hope you
enjoy the two hours of consciousness
before you die, followed by being reborn
just to explode out of someone's chest.
And the best part, that new little face
hugger probably thinks this whole be
born attack face die, be reborn,
explode from chest, grow up in 3 hours,
hunt forever, die slowly. Life cycle is
totally normal. Nobody told you there'd
be no dental plan in this hive either.
should have read the fine print on that
evolutionary contract.